Hey, this is an exhaustive and updated
list of every way that I currently know
of to scrape and generate leads for
services. I use these every day over at
Leftclick to generate hundreds of
thousands of dollars across a variety of
industries for clients using outbound.
So, this is the sauce. There is no sauce
like it. Everything that I'm showing you
guys is currently working as of the time
of the recording of the video.
Obviously, outbound methods change, but
in addition to showing you guys what the
method is, how to go and do it yourself
with a live demonstration and then where
you need to go in order to get these
resources, I'm also going to give you
guys a Google doc that just has all of
them laid out in front of you top to
bottom. So, if you guys want to, I don't
know, create SOPs or give this off to
your team to do some education or
learning, feel free. You can find that
down below in the description. Let's
start with the first. So, there are two
ways that currently exist in order to
scrape leads. Now, when I say leads, for
the most part, I'm meaning email
addresses, although obviously phone
numbers, first names, last names, and
companies are part of that as well. Let
me run you through the two that people
are using all day long that they don't
tell you about. The first is nominative
email enrichment. Basically, what
happens is you get company domains andor
first names or last names. Then you take
the name of the person, so in my case,
Mixer, and you combine it with the
domain of their website. So, leftclick.
Then you just add, remove, and multiply
these in various combinations. Nick at
leftclick.ai. Nicks at leftclick.ai.
Nick.sarif at leftclick.ai over and over
and over again until you find one that
works. When you find one that works,
boom, there you go. That's your email.
Why does this work? Because most of the
time people follow pretty standard
patterns and conventions when they name
their emails. And so you just get to
take advantage of that. You know, if I'm
Nick, I'm not going to name myself XYZ
at leftclick.ai. Although maybe I should
start and I'd get fewer damn cold
emails. I'm going to name myself like
Nick at leftclick.ai so people know who
the heck they're talking to. Okay, so
this is number one. And you'll find that
a lot of the methods I'm going to show
you guys are going to include this. The
second method is using what are called
HTTP requests to then generate a bunch
of data that you then scrape and parse.
Now, if you guys don't know much about
technology or about it or how to do this
sort of thing, that's okay. Most of the
stuff is abstracted away to tools
nowadays anyway. But just so you have a
bird's eye view, what you do is you
request the content of a page like with
a tool make or nadn or zapier or
whatever. Then you parse it. Parsing
just means breaking it down into a
language that you understand. Once
you're done with that, you have this
thing and a language you understand. You
just look for strings or sections of
characters that are in specific
patterns. For instance, thing at second
thing do third thing. Okay, so nick at
leftclicki.
Once you have data in this format,
becomes very easy to just dump it into a
list or a database or something like
that. And then you're good to go. You've
essentially got email addresses as well.
So they do this not only for emails,
they do this for phone numbers with
various formats. They do this for for
domains, for all sorts of information,
but we're going to be going specifically
over email addresses today just cuz
that's the easiest. I'll also talk a
little bit about phones, too. So the
first way is to use air scale to then
find a list of domains. You take that
list of domains, feed it into an
enrichment tool like any mailfinder, and
then you get a bunch of emails. So,
first things first, use this tool,
airscale.io, which I'm not affiliated
with or anything, to find companies. You
then select, you scroll all the way to
the top, your location. I'm going to do
United States. Company size. I'm going
to go 1 to 10 and 11 to 50. And then all
the way down here, keywords. I'm just
going to type in PPC agency. That's way
easier for me. You then click preview
companies and it'll go and it'll
actually find a list of companies that
fulfill uh your requirements. So I'm
looking for things that have the word
PPC agency in the title. As you can see,
I now have a giant list of PPC agencies
all over the world I can sell to. Then
you click load all companies to a table.
You access the result and you get
something that looks like this. Now most
of the time lists like this aren't going
to include the domains. Instead you're
going to include the company names,
company LinkedIn URLs and other fields.
But what we need is we need the domains
to perform that nominative email
enrichment. Right? So luckily tools like
Aircale and other ones like Clay and
stuff like that as well have this
builtin. Just click on the company
domain column. Then you go down to
select where you're going to be pulling
the company name from in order to do the
lookup search. Then I'm just going to
use the same company name thing. I'm
going to add the current pages row. So
I'll do this on 40. And then I'm going
to run a workflow. Now as you see this
is running top to bottom through a giant
list of records to pull the domain names
from these records. So, Zosamus,
Voxster, Triosco, the PPC guys, the
agency CR, and so on and so on and so
forth. We just found a bunch of domains.
So, that's pretty sweet, right? What we
do now is we go to export, and I'm just
going to download a CSV. I'm only going
to do these selected 40 rows. It's
really easy. And then click this button.
What we have now is we have a list of
companies, which is pretty solid. I'm
just going to resize this so it can be
uh visible. And now we have all these
domains. What we do after we have all
these domains is we feed this into an
enrichment tool like any MailFinder. So,
I'm going to head over here to the top
right hand corner. I'm going to go bulk
search and then I'm going to go new
bulk. Then you upload. Click decision
maker search. Select your spreadsheet.
Paste it in. It'll automatically map the
company names and domains column. Then
you click process and it'll go through
and it'll actually find emails for
records in this data set. So, as you can
see, we've processed 30. We've got 21
emails so far. Okay. And so, after our
40 rows were processed, we received an
enrichment rate of 70%. 28 out of the 40
were considered valid. And as you can
see, we actually have the email
addresses over here, although obviously
I'm obiscating them. Now, if we want to
download them, we just click this
button. This is going to charge us a
certain number of credits. They usually,
what I like about them is they only bill
you based off of the ones that were
found. Like a lot of email services bill
you just based off the number of
attempts that they made as opposed to
the number of ones that were actually
found. And then once you're done, you
have the name of the person, you have
their role, you have their LinkedIn
URLs, you even have their email,
although I am obiscating this same thing
with valid email over here. uh you have
their type, AMF status, that just stands
for any mail finder, company name,
company domain, company LinkedIn
profile, location, industry, and so on
and so forth. So hopefully you guys
could see this is more than enough
information to, you know, craft a cold
email campaign or maybe some sort of
like outbound LinkedIn campaign,
whatever the heck you want, you have it
all right here. The second way is using
LinkedIn Sales Navigator to get a list
of people. With those people, you then
feed them into Vain or an alternative to
turn this into a Google sheet with
leads. Then you import them into an
enrichment tool like Vain or any
mailfinder to get the email addresses.
So I have a list here for PPC agency.
Okay. What I'm going to do is I'm going
to look specifically for founders,
co-founders,
CEOs, you know, owners, all of these
terms that demonstrate that they're some
sort of decision maker. Then for the
geography, I'm going to go look for
people that are specifically in the
United States. This list is still pretty
big. So just for the purposes of this
demo, I'm also going to filter based off
of headcount. And maybe I only want
companies that are between 2011 to 500
people. I'm looking kind of enterprise
level. So now, as you can see, I have a
list of 62. Realistically, you should
have a list of probably like 2,00 to
2,500 for best results. And what I can
do next is I can just copy this URL. I
can go into a tool like Vain.
Then with this tool, okay, I just click
create order. I paste in the LinkedIn
sales navigator search URL. I check it.
And then it'll add this to a database to
be cued automatically. It's found 62
results. I'm going to call this example
for YouTube. Now, Vain offers you the
ability to enrich directly in the app.
So, you can get the emails of things if
you click this button. Um, I didn't
select that feature today, so I'm just
going to click create order. And now on
the bottom lefthand corner, it's
actually going through and it's scraping
things using my LinkedIn profile. the
specifics on how to set it up, you can
find um on vain once you've signed up.
But essentially, you have to get like
your LinkedIn cookie and then you have
to export the LI_AT token before
connecting it that way. Once you're
done, you can scrape leads really,
really easily. So, this is an example
list that I did for PPC agencies a while
ago. Just going to click download. And
you get a lot of data here. If I go um
import and let's just replace this with
my new data from vein. Assuming that
this is like the list that I just
exported because you guys could see here
I'll get a lot of data. I have the first
name, last name, some of them even
include the emails. I have phones,
summaries, job titles, job descriptions,
and so on and so forth. What do I do
with this list? Well, it's pretty easy.
I can just pump this directly into a
tool like any mailfinder like I just had
before. So go to new bulk and then I can
look again for decision makers or more
pointantly I can look for the person
name search um endpoint. The reason why
this is valuable you'll see in a second
is you allow the algorithm to use
nominative enrichment based off the
first name the last name and then
the company name over here. Now we don't
have the domain name itself. What we
have is the company name. So any mail
finder and really any other service is
going to look for the company domain
using some Google magic and if it finds
the company domain then it'll be able to
enrich this. So once you're done with
that just click process and as you can
see we're now going through that list
again. We process 60 70 80 90 out of 100
we have a val validity rate of something
like 80 or so 80%. Which is very solid.
I mean how often is it that you're going
to get 80% of a list that you put in.
This is going to fluctuate and
presumably go down with time, but you
get as the end result a list that looked
really similar to our previous one with
a big list of emails. It's just we have
even more information now since we have
the first name column, last name column,
and a bunch of personal stuff, too. The
third method is enterprise specific.
This takes advantage of a little known
arbitrage hack within any mailinder that
allows you to get significantly more
emails for significantly fewer credits.
The exchange rate ends up being about
one credit to 40 emails, which is
bonkers. Basically, in any MailFinder,
you have what's called a company search
where if you put in a domain like
OpenAI, Forbes, Anthropic, Microsoft,
whatever. Okay? You can actually get all
of the emails at that company, at least
the ones that are publicly available.
So, let's say I open up Forbes over
here, I have all these emails. It's
bonkers, right? Down at the bottom in
grayed out text, you can download all of
the known emails at that domain. 176,000
with Forbes endings. Okay? And you'll
notice that there's a differential
between the number of credits you pay
and then the total number of emails you
download. This is about a 1 to a 40
ratio. Um the reason why this is so
great is because you can obviously
arbitrage token or a credit cost and
then for the price of one credit you can
get 40 emails. This is also great if
you're targeting enterprise because a
lot of the time like good enterprise
sales involves you just targeting like
one company or a small set of companies.
So you have some list in front of you
then you just dump that list into any
mailfinder. You get 10,000 emails, most
of them at two or three companies. Then
you pitch something that's very company
specific. Usually it only takes a few
people at the company for you to be able
to, you know, sell your thing to. So
that you then as you know a service
seller who's looking to get some social
proof can say stuff like our tool is
used by the team at Microsoft or
whatever. How to actually go about doing
this at scale? Just head back to
aircale, make a company table looking
for big businesses like this one, World
Pay, Warner Bros, Viston, whatever. Find
the domain name as well and then export
it. And then all you do is you just go
back to any mailfinder and then instead
of running an individual search, do a
bulk search and then it'll actually give
you a commaepparated list of all of the
email addresses, which is wild. Now,
you're not going to have all all of the
email addresses. If you run this thing
in bulk, you won't have the option to
arbitrage the one to 40, but you can
usually still get, you know, 5, 10,
sometimes even like 15 emails from just
one search per row. So, if you want like
an automated way of doing it, this is
definitely pretty solid. Otherwise, you
know, if you're targeting, let's say, 10
or 15 companies, just get your ICP, you
don't need to use AirSkill for that.
Bump them in through a company search
one at a time, download all of the known
emails, and then run them through some
sort of validation service to trim them
down to the most likely ones. If you
guys want um a way then to get
information on who these people are, all
you have to do is just take their email
address, publish them or put them into
Google like this, and then a lot of the
time you'll actually find the first name
and the last name just directly through
Google. Then you can build a really
simple automated pipeline using nan or
make.com to do this for you
automatically. I'll show you a little
bit more about that later. But then you
can extract first names, last names, and
emails for a fraction of the price. The
next method is using Apollo to generate
a list similar to LinkedIn Sales
Navigator. Then exporting that list
using a variety of tools like Ample
Leads, Leads Rapidly, or maybe export
Apollo. This then gives you a CSV which
then you can feed into whatever tool you
want. The good thing about Apollo is
most the leads already include the email
address, so you usually don't need to
pay for any additional enrichment. Now,
this used to be the best tool, and I'd
recommend it all the time within Maker
School. So much so that it was actually
in the curriculum of Maker School for
quite a while where I actually showed
people how to, you know, get up and
running with um the scraping
infrastructure. Unfortunately, they
recently changed things so that I got to
refilm my dang video now because Apollo
was scraping uh another service,
LinkedIn Sales Navigator, and then other
tools. these ones here scraping Apollo.
The point I'm trying to make is this was
very quickly obiscated unfortunately and
it just doesn't really work anymore.
Still, I'm going to include it for
posterity because there's some rumblings
showing that maybe this still works.
It's just working on a lot slower of a
basis. Um, so the way that this works is
you basically grab your list. Okay, in
Apollo, same idea as before. Get a bunch
of job titles, founder, partner,
co-founder, owner, whatever. Get a bunch
of locations. Then you have a list and a
URL. You copy the URL into a tool. And
I'm just going to use one of these. Why
don't we just use leads rapidly for now?
Once you're in the tool, in my case,
leads rapidly, you just paste in the
URL.
This is then going to tell you how many
leads you are going to be scraping. So,
I have a list of 3,040. U maybe I only
want to scrape, I don't know, you know,
a thousand of those leads. I can then
click purchase, and then it'll consume
my credits right up here. Once you're
done, you'll have a list of different
transactions. So, one of these failed.
These fail every now and then, but um
your completed records, you can then
rightclick, go download, then you'll
have a list of them just like you had
before. And if you import these into
some tool,
again, you get a list of first names,
last names, full names, email addresses,
their titles, company names. I mean,
literally everything that you could
want. You also get phone numbers and
sanitized phone numbers. I'll talk a
little bit more about how to get more of
these um later, but uh yeah, this is
more or less like the most cost
effective way to generate leads. It's
just it's very shaky. Some of these
providers are taking forever and I don't
know if they're still scraping them in
an automated basis, but who knows? Maybe
in the future these things will be back
to service. Just wanted to mention them
at least for posterity sake. The next
few tools take advantage of a platform
called Appify, which hosts a bunch of
scrapers for a variety of services. The
first one is going to be the Google SER
result scraper where we assemble a giant
list of domains using Google search.
Then with those domains, we feed them
into any mailfinder to get a bunch of
decision makers at those businesses. So
I'm just going to go to Google SER real
quick. There's a search result scraper
right over here on Appify. I'm going to
try this. They'll let you try it for
free with certain certain number of
tokens. All you do is you just type in
whatever the term that you would search
on Google to get companies like this. So
I'm just going to do Calgary dentists.
I'm going to go down here to results.
Why don't I just go one page and 10
results per page to keep it simple. You
can select a bunch of settings
surrounding, you know, how many of these
leads to scrape, um how to do this,
whether or not you want uh paid results
only or ad organic results only or
whatever. After you're done, you'll then
get um essentially a bunch of data which
we can preview. This now includes a
bunch of websites. So, we have the URLs
right over here.
If I export this, then we scrape the
organic results, click download, take
those organic results, and then upload
them into a Google sheet just so you
guys could see what's going on. And now
you guys could see we have the title of
the clinic, the URL, the description,
and then we have the displayed URL. I
mean, both of these are basically the
same, but because we have the URL, we
could take this URL into a tool like any
mailinder. So, I just go over here,
click new bulk. You can choose decision
maker or company search. Depends on kind
of what you're going for. I'm then going
to select the domains column here. Then
I'll click process. And as you guys can
see, it's going and doing some scraping
for me. Looks like of the five, it's
found four. So enrichment of 80%. And
when all said and done, we achieved an
enrichment of 50%. Now, this isn't as
good as it could have been, but still
pretty reasonable. On average, I get
between 40 to 60% of all of the domains
that I feed in. And luckily, the Google
Ser scraper is really cheap. Um, as you
can see, it only costs something like, I
don't know, $3 per 1,000 records. If you
upgrade your plan on Amplify, it's
significantly less. But um, yeah, you
know, these economies of scale come
together. And then when you import them,
you get the name, the result title, aka
the um, title of their role in the
business, their email address, then even
some more information, including
descriptions and stuff like that. All
stuff that you could use to whip up a
really cool campaign. But Google SER
isn't the only thing you can do. A lot
of the time we're working with local
businesses and that's where the Google
map scraper comes in handy. So I'm just
going to click try for free here. And
again, just like I did earlier, I'm
going to look for, I don't know, dental
clinic. Maybe this time we're going to
do New York. And maybe this time I only
want to extract 10 places. Then you
click save and start. Now what we're
doing is we're scraping specific map
listings for people in an area, which is
pretty sweet. So as you can see, I just
ran this and just like we had before,
just head to the top right hand corner.
This time I can just scrape everything.
Once you're done, you can go back here
to your sheet. I'm just going to import
these leads just to show you guys what
these look like. Now, we have 10
businesses. Smilecrafters, floor,
lvivvar, w dent dental, whatever. These
are all dentists basically in our target
markets presumably. Once we're done, we
just go back to any mailfinder. Click
new bulk. Let's go decision maker
search. Then feed in the exported list
from Google Sheets. Then we can see is
we still have that domains column. So,
I'm going to upload this. And same thing
as before, we're now going to find their
emails. Now, that last sheet I tried
running through because it only had 10
records, you know, law of large numbers
came in and I think we only scraped
three or four of the leads. But just to
show you guys, you can realistically
accept with Google Maps. Not all of the
websites that you guys are going to be
getting are going to be websites that
like the company owns themselves. A lot
of websites are going to be like
Facebook pages and stuff. And obviously,
we can't find the decision makers at
Facebook anywhere near as easily um as
you know, some small company. So, on
average, you're probably going to have
validity rates somewhere around like 20
to 30%, I want to say. Um, I just reran
this on a list of 50 and um, you know, I
think we're going to end up getting
somewhere around like probably 15 emails
or so. I think right now we have what
14. In my case as well, I fed in the
same domain a couple of times. So, this
is probably just not very worthwhile to
do. You should probably dduplicate the
list. Uh, we ended up with a total
enrichment rate of 32%. So, um, nowhere
near as valuable or cost effective as
the Google SER leads. That said, this
can be very valuable if you have
something that's very locationsp
specific. So, spending a little bit more
money for these leads can make sense if
you are targeting people in a local area
for a local product or service. You're
going to have significantly higher rates
if you know you can mention things like
what, I don't know, what's across the
street or where they are in a specific
geographical region. Back in the day, I
used to go door to door and so we would
look for data sources like this in order
to pre-qualify our lists before going
out and then actually knocking or
calling. The next method involves using
the Google SER and map scrapers to feed
into an automated workflow. Now, I set
this one up in NADN, which is a simple
drag and drop no code tool. And I've
already preset all of the data. I just
wanted to show you guys what this looks
like just for the purposes of your guys
benefit. Um, basically what I have is I
have a workflow set up that automates
the process of running an Appify Google
SER scrape. So that's what's happening
right over here under the hood. I'm
basically looking for a term like
Calgary dentist just using Appify. I'm
just doing it through their API. So kind
of behind the scenes, their back end.
Then I'm extracting the data. I'm
limiting the number that can go through.
And then most importantly, I'm actually
scraping the website. So I'm getting the
website, I'm scraping it, and then I'm
feeding it into AI to get details. I'm
just going to click execute workflow
just to show you guys what this looks
like on three records. So you guys could
see, but [snorts] basically every time I
call a website, I end up getting a bunch
of code back. Right now, this code here
on the right hand side actually just
contains all of the details of the
website for me. And a lot of the time,
this will contain things like the email
address, like the phone number. You just
have to parse it in specific ways. And
so that's what I'm doing here with these
fields. I'm turning this big block of
text into a much shorter version where I
can start parsing things out like phone
numbers as you guys can see over here.
Now what's really cool is you can start
combining this procedural mechanism of
generating um you know website scrapes
and stuff with AI based mechanisms of
extracting data. So if I feed in all of
this data which is very unstructured as
you see into a model like um open as
GPT5 it can go and output something that
looks like this. As you see here we got
a lot of data. We got the record ID, the
page title, page metad description,
industry, we get the owner name, owner
title. Now, um, owner email in this case
wasn't found, but we can find these, I
want to say about 10 to 20% of the time.
Although, keep in mind when you do, it's
likely not going to be the owner email
themselves. It's going to be something
like, you know, info@ dental clinic.com,
hypothetically. Still, a lot of the
time, this goes directly to the owner.
So, then you can use information like
this to do, you know, whatever the heck
you want. Um, my AI model extracted
phone numbers, bunch of contact form
notes, even some address information,
including um, angle suggestions for
pitches and so on and so forth. So,
pretty cool to see just how much data we
can pull um, in a semi-automated
fashion. And after I just dumped all
this stuff into a database, which um, I
put out together a while ago. As you can
see, we scraped a couple of emails, then
dumped them all into the Google sheet.
So, we have a couple of these general
ones. And then, uh, it even talks about
what those are. Is this as valuable a
scraping source as let's say any mail
finder decision maker finder? No. But
you can go significantly higher volume.
And a lot of the time the marginal cost
of sending a cold email nowadays tends
to zero if you guys have all the
infrastructure set up. So if you're
sending cold emails or DMs or whatever,
you can also extract LinkedIn profiles,
Instagram profiles and stuff like that.
Um, also keep in mind you can combine
this with any of the other scraping
mechanisms that I talked about to get
not only the email but more or less
whatever other information is present on
any of their web pages. The next way is
purchasing a list on a data set
marketplace like Bright Data. Now, if
you guys are longtime watchers of my
channel, you'll know that I haven't
talked about this before, and that's
because I just wanted to purchase a
couple of lists and try them out for
myself before I discuss this. I want to
say these work reasonably well. Leads
are definitely cheaper, but a lot of the
time these resources have been scraped
forever ago. And because they've been
scraped forever ago, like a lot of the
time, companies will have changed their
email addresses or people just won't be
using an email anymore. Anyway, [snorts]
the specific um list to buy are LinkedIn
people profiles over here. Okay, Google
Maps full information over here. Um you
can get information from um Facebook as
well and then crunch base too. So if you
go on LinkedIn people profiles, the way
that this works is you have a basically
a giant list of names, ids, cities, and
so on and so forth. They actually give
you a little preview and sample data
set. This is over 600 million records
and this is updated every quarter. So
that's what they say. The actual total
cost of this is 0.0025
per record as you see. And then with
this information, you can pump it into
something like any mailfinder um and so
on and so forth in order to like get
more enriched lists. You can also use
aircale to find specific companies
instead of LinkedIn people profiles.
Then use that information if you go to
company information over here um or just
buy the company uh um you know list and
then filter based off the presence of
websites and then you guys can loop this
into whatever other flow you want. The
thing is all of these services that sell
lists will have some minimum order
amount. So $250, you know, if it's like
your very first time doing this sort of
stuff, you can get a lot of leads for
$250. You get 100,000 leads for $250,
but you know, do you really want to
spend that much money all in one place?
That's why I prefer typically like
smaller scrapers. Anyway, I purchased a
couple of these lists. Uh my email
performance and outbound performance
tends to be worse by a measure of about
half. So basically, either these leads
are on average half old or they've just
fluffed the lists or something. Uh but
they still work. I still get replies.
And then because of the very low record
cost, obviously you can arbitrage this
and do cool things, especially if you
have tools like any mailfinder available
to you to then get email addresses.
Okay, next up, you can use a tool like
the Appify Instagram Scraper to scrape
Instagram profiles for specific hashtags
or queries. Then you can look within
those profile descriptions for email
addresses. Enrichment rate on this is
pretty low. That said, a lot of the time
these include links. because they
include links, you can then use any
mailfinder and other email enrichment
tools to get emails there, too. So, I'm
just going to start by looking for uh
posts and then I'm going to run based
off of a search query over here. I'm
going to look for the term automation
and then I think we're just going to
search for users that have the term
automation inside. What you end up with
here is you end up with a giant list of
all of the Instagram information that
you could possibly want. And you'll see
a lot of these are businesses that
include things like WhatsApp numbers or
email addresses just directly in the
description. Um, now obviously I'm doing
this in a manual way, but hopefully you
guys can appreciate how a moment ago I
just um used an automated tool in order
to go through and then filter and do a
bunch of stuff. Well, guess what? You
can use automated tools to go and filter
and do tons of stuff for whatever your
lead scraping source is. And this is
something that I would do for this as
well. Uh, you know, we've scraped 168
leads or so. So, I'm just going to go
export. Let's put this in as a CSV.
Import,
drag and drop.
And we have our lead list. Now, this is
a lot of leads. You'll see a lot of them
also include things like domains just
directly in their descriptions and so on
and so forth. The reason why this is
valuable is because now you have like a
variety of different lead generation
mechanisms. For instance, you could look
specifically through the descriptions
for email addresses and you'd probably
get, you know, 5 to 10% of these. Or
after you're done with that pass, once
you've done your lowhanging fruit, you
could then look for domains. Once you
found domains, you could pass them
through any mailfinder and you can get
even more. Now, a lot of the time you're
going to have first names and last names
in the attributions. Not a lot of people
realize, but these attributions you
could then use to find the people
themselves. Or if you have the domain
name in addition to the first name and
the last names, then obviously there's a
lot you could do with that, too. So
yeah, just one of many different ways to
do this. In addition to using Instagram,
you guys could do the exact same
approach on Tik Tok. You guys can do
more or less the exact same approach on
X as well. Uh and so any of these social
media platforms, you just take the same
funnel, you scrape a bunch of profiles
or posts based off of some search query.
Then you pump in the description, uh the
profile picture, the alt uh uh codes on
the images, and literally all the
information into some tool presumably
like NA enter make probably or if you
wanted to do it manually, you could do
it with Google Sheets just like command
effing, but that's a lot of work. Then
you have a giant list of everything that
you need in order to enrich. You're
probably going to get enrichment rates
of like 20 to 40% or so, but there are
multiple millions of profiles on
Twitter, Instagram, Tik Tok, and so on
and so forth in any niche. So, odds are
you're going to get enough for whatever
your total addressable market is. The
next mechanism is pretty sneaky, but
basically um you guys know like LinkedIn
jobs. I don't know if you've ever gone
on LinkedIn jobs before, but if I go
LinkedIn jobs in Calgary, which is where
I'm from, you'll see that there's a big
list of people that are looking for
hires in particular uh niches. So, you
know, I'm typing in, I don't know,
automation or something like that. Well,
I see that there's 475 people that are
hiring automation people. Uh 475
companies essentially. Some are looking
for Zapier, some are looking for
automation testers, whatever. You know
what's really cool? Turns out you can
just take this list, you can go directly
to a tool like LinkedIn Job Scraper. You
can pump in the URL right over here and
then you can actually find companies
that are hiring for particular roles.
Why is this so valuable and powerful?
Because this is a list of people that
literally have needs that they're
willing to pay money for. I mean, these
people are saying, "Hey, I want somebody
to go and, you know, do some automations
for me, and I'm willing to pay real
money for it." This is about as close as
you can get to people that have money in
their hands that are willing to pay for
your ability to solve their needs. Now,
what's really cool is you have a company
name column over here. So, what you
could do is you could download this
list, take it back into any mailfinder,
add a bulk decision maker search, paste
in this list of people that are looking
for work. And where it says company
name, just feed in the company name.
Okay, once you're done with that process
and you know when you search just based
off company name, probability of you
getting results will go down. As you see
here though, we're feeding in, you know,
15 results. We're getting uh yeah, we're
getting basically a return rate of 100%
so far. This is unlikely to persist all
the way through, but it's pretty dang
good already. So, um you know, this is
just another way that you can get a
list. And then instead of your list
being kind of unqualified or at varying
levels of qualification, you know that
every single company here actually
suffers from a need. Now, when you
email, don't necessarily just email the
CEO or whatever. If it's a big company,
you're probably going to want to email a
hiring manager or something like that.
But yeah, as you can see, we just fed in
35 records and we have 29 emails that
are valid with another four that are
considered risky. And I got to be
honest, it's the wild wild west out
here. I send emails even if they're
risky. I don't give a crap. The next
mechanism is on a cold email platform
called Instantly. So, Instantly is a
cold email platform that basically
allows you to actually get leads
directly within the email platform. So,
I ran a bunch of different campaigns the
other day for one of my YouTube videos.
Um, in the top right hand corner here,
you can actually click on get leads and
you can upgrade to what are called
supersonic leads. Now, I've used the
service before. This basically gives you
access to a database of about 250 to 300
million leads and then you buy them for
4500 um $97 per month for 4500 leads.
Will I recommend this for cost purposes?
No. But do I recommend this for
convenience purposes? Yes. Um, you can
absolutely just get up and running with
these leads. These aren't going to be as
high quality as the ones that we're um
scraping with most other methods,
especially the first three on our list.
Um but you know, if you just need to get
a message out, the cost of the leads
compared to the opportunity cost of you
not sending those emails or messages
today is usually very disproportionate
and it's almost always better unless
you're like really really broke to just
start the campaign today and see what
people have to say. The last mechanism
is when you scrape a data source
directly. Now, the benefits to scraping
a data source directly are these are
leads that are not easily accessible.
And because there's a much higher
barrier to entry when you scrape leads
directly, like I'm about to show you in
a second, and enrich them through a
totally custom enrichment pipeline, the
people that you're reaching out to tend
to be a lot warmer. They tend to be
people that haven't been burned out by
tons of cold outreach before. The
downside is you have to know a little
bit about how to actually, you know, do
the HTTP requests and the parsing and
stuff like that. But just to give you
guys a quick example, this is school.
This is the same service that I host my
community on, Maker School, where we
guarantee your first paying customer for
an AI service in 90 days where you don't
um pay. We give you all of your money
back. So, the way that this works is you
basically have listings where you know
in the hobbies category, number one is
calligraphy school, number two is the
acting lab, number three is the
Brotherhood of Send, and so on and so
forth all the way down. Well, you know
what's pretty cool? It turns out you can
build a scraper to scrape this stuff. I
built a scraper for it as part of my
most recent video. So, as you see, what
we're doing here is we are HTTP
requesting school. And so this is just
one of the many ways that you could do
something like this. But in my case, I'm
literally just pinging this page first
using NAN. What I get is I get a giant
list of all of the entries from one all
the way up to 34. This gives me a
massive list of data that I can then use
to do more or less whatever the heck I
want with. Now, this data is very big
and it's very unsemly. And so I don't
really like having the data in this way.
So, what I do next is I extract it in a
much easier way where I now have code
that shows me what all of these elements
are for. After I'm done, I've actually
parsed all of this data on the lefth
hand side that looks really complicated
into a simple structure where I have the
page title, the description, I have the
image link, I have the category type and
name. I even have the amount of money
that all these charge for their
services. Hopefully, it's not a far cry
to see how I could take all that
information and then I could dump it
into a big Google sheet that contains
things like the first name and the last
name of the person that runs the
community, uh, their Facebook pages,
their Instagram pages, even things like
their websites. From there, all you do
is you pump them into a tool like any
mailinder. And in my case, when I did
this, I pumped in something like 5,000
rows. I did zero work, zero
post-processing or anything like that.
Once you're done with that, you get a
list of emails that looks something like
this. And yeah, this is one of the most
powerful things that you could
realistically learn. It's one of the
reasons why I recommend learning how to
scrape if you are going to spend some
time learning automation because you can
compile quick and easy lists like this
that let you send emails that achieve
reply rates as high as uh this one is
now at 11.5%.
That is 11.5% of all the people that I
emailed responding to me. And it looks
like about a third of those responded
positively wanting something to do with
me, some sort of meeting or or whatever.
Okay. So, I'm going to leave all of
these methods here in this Google uh
doc. and then I'm going to provide that
to you. All you need to do is just click
below at the top of this description.
Um, this is free. You don't have to pay
anything. You may have to enter your
email address. If you do, I'm just going
to send you some emails talking about
how great I am. Um, but yeah, that is
more or less how you can get so many
leads that you have no idea what the
heck to do with them. Thank you very
much for watching and I'm looking
forward to hearing from you guys. Leave
a comment down below if there are any
lead scraping mechanisms that I missed
out. I'll catch youall on the next
video.